[Music]
Basically, what we met today, everything we
talked about earlier,
we talked about the Elevate product, so
this is the
first time that we have an Elevate product, okay, first time, we mean,
this is the first product in the insurance industry with such features, no one has
launched it so far. What are the features that we talked about earlier, we
talked about Infinite Sum Insured, right? So we have launched a feature that no
one has launched in the insurance industry so far.
Here, instead of a sum insured of
10 lakhs, 20 lakhs, 30 lakhs, one crore
rupees,
we are offering Infinite Sum Insured to the customer.
Similarly, the customer wants his sum
insured to increase every year, should he pay a
lower premium? My sum
insured should increase every year.
If we take the add-
on feature, we have a power booster add-on feature,
his sum insured will double every year. The
third feature comes.  Where a customer has a pre-
existing disease like diabetes,
hypertension, asthma, etc., a
customer who wants coverage from the first day without a waiting period can get coverage by taking the Gem Start
feature and getting it on Day One.
Similarly, we have customers who want
cashless payment not only in non-networked hospitals but also in non-networked hospitals. The
value-added feature called Anywhere Cashless that
we are providing to our customers is
also a unique feature. If you
look at the market today,
the company that uses this feature and provides this facility,
ICICI Bank,
came in the IRDA regulation after we launched it.
Now, the IRDA also says that cashless payment should be provided to any
customer even if they go to any hospital.
Whatever resolution or IRDA
norm came out, we implemented it a year ago.
If
we look at the product in the market, it is generally
given as a package, with five or six
benefits, all the covers and all the
health insurance, so you can buy this, it
cannot be called force, but it is made as a package. In the
same vein,
what we are doing in our Elevate product is that we are
giving 22 different add-ons. Whoever wants what,
whoever wants what feature according to their requirement,
he opts for that feature accordingly,
he pays the premium and gets the
coverage that the policy has for
life. Apart from this, if we
look at it everywhere, there is medicals. There is
an age bracket after which there are medicals.
Yes, in every company. So in our product,
Elevate product, medicals are
not a trigger,
according to the sum insured, but otherwise according to age, but
not a trigger. If there is something particular,
something is more than the average.
Only depending upon the
underwriting guidelines, we
trigger medicals but if it is generic,
where is the trigger? There is no age limit in our product.
Most likely, many people
are asking, till what age do we
cover? There is no age limit in this product.
We give the customer a policy regardless of how old they are.
According to our underwriting rules and norms, the customer has fitment, that is,
we can give a health insurance policy to an individual who is not 100 years old but even 120 years old.
Which product is the best in Elevate? Sir, what is the
most response? Sir,
we launched Elevate on July 1st. There is a tremendous response.
We
say that if we see it in movies, we say that it is a super duper
hit. This product is also called a
push product in the market, that is, in general, health insurance is a little bit of a push
product. That is, we say that it
will only be successful if you promote it well.
Yes, but this  If
you look at the particular product, there are so many features,
we are talking about Infinite Infinite Infinite everywhere. Because of this, for the
first time in health insurance in
India, this has become a pull product, that is, the
customer or the channel is asking,
what is this product, my customer
needs this product, so there
is such a pull. Sir, if we look at the claim ratio, it has been only a
month since the product was launched,
so
I cannot talk about claims on this particular product, but if we
look at it generically, the
market knows more than I can say. ICI Lombard
says that claims will be settled like butter, so the market knows that I do
n't need to say anything. So
how much support does this policy provide, sir? If there are no pre-existing
diseases, then the
policy will be issued in two to three minutes. Okay, if there is a
pre-existing disease, then
we will issue the policy within 24 hours. You can
also do it online.
Waiting period A waiting period If you
have taken jump start for pre-existing diseases, then
I will give 31st day coverage. If you do
not want to jump start, there will be a three-
year waiting period in the
policy. Hi good afternoon everyone, my name is
Vivek Srivastava, I am from
ICS Ulambard and I am part of
health team in ICSC Ulambard. Very warm welcome to each one of you and I think we have
launched a new product which is
elevated. Okay, so let me just briefly tell you about the product.
This is a first of a kind product
which we have launched for health
customers in India. This product is
designed which has a unique features
which are there which primarily takes
care of the basic need of any customer.
This product is designed keeping one
phenomena in feature in mind that there.
are various type of customers in the
market and everyone requires a product
which is suits him and has to be very
very unique or or or personalized in
nature we have designed this product
which is purely customizable you can
design customize as per your need and it
is backed by artificial intelligence
also more importantly it has got many
unique feature which are industry first
which is there not there in the
industry as a whole we have introduced
our new add on cover which is there in
this product which is infinite gear it
tells it says that in the life  time of
the policy
one claim of unlimited amount can be
taken by any customer which is not there
unheard of in the industry itself not
only this many other features like
cumulative bonus which is also an add on
cover which can be bought as per the
need of the customer which says that
every year 100% bonus will be given to
the customer and this can go up to
unlimited times currently in the market
there are add on benefits like
cumulative bonus which goes up to
certain times in the lifetime of the
policy but in our policy we have said  it
can go up to unlimited time we have
reset benefit which  is already there
also we have introduced our unique
feature which is a jump start this gives
a flexibility to cover any pre existing
customer of which is there with any
customer and it will give a unique
feature which says that you need not to
wait for three years to start coverage
of those pds which are there which is
pre existing disease you have
there the pd will get covered from 31st
day so that is again a unique
proposition for our customers and again
i am saying that it is very much
customizable you can personalize as per
your  requirement no need of buying or
mandatory covers are there it is
completely to the flexibility of the
customers we have just launched this
product and the response which we are
getting on this product is really
amazing so thank you all for making
this product launch very very
successful thank you